README.md, before:

# LeTempsEstCompté ⏳

A minimalist, high-vibe time management application designed for local use. Track your work sessions, manage daily goals, and visualize your productivity with beautiful metrics.

Completely vibe-coded with **Google Antigravity** in just a few hours.

> [!WARNING]
> **Disclaimer**: This is a local-first application. No security features or authentication are implemented. Do not use it for sensitive data. Use at your own risk.

## ✨ Features

### 📊 Interactive Metrics Dashboard (Homepage)
- **Dynamic Chart**: A Chart.js visualization of your working hours.
- **Effective Work Visualization**: Chart bars automatically show gaps for pauses, giving you a clear view of your actual working segments.
- **Interactive Navigation**: Click any bar in the graph to jump directly to the dashboard for that specific day.
- **Flexible Views**: Toggle between Week, Month, and Year perspectives.
- **Today Highlight**: A dedicated visual frame around the current day's hours.
- **Session History**: A detailed table summarizing starts, ends, total pause durations, and task completion rates.

### 🛠️ Daily Dashboard
- **Goal Management**: Set and edit your daily objective on the fly.
- **Advanced Task Management**: Add, toggle, edit, or delete tasks.
- **Multi-Pause Tracking**: Unlike simple lunch tracking, you can add any number of pauses (coffee breaks, meetings, lunch) with manual time controls.
- **Precise Time Control**: Manually override your session start and end times if you forgot to clock in/out.
- **Automatic Persistence**: All changes are saved instantly to your local database.

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Requirements
- Python 3.8+
- Flask & Flask-SQLAlchemy

### Installation

1. **Clone the repository** (if applicable) or navigate to the project folder.
2. **Install dependencies**:
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```
3. **Run the application**:
   ```bash
   python app.py
   ```
4. **Access the App**:
   Open your browser at [http://127.0.0.1:5000](http://127.0.0.1:5000)

## 🛠️ Technical Stack
- **Backend**: Python / Flask
- **Database**: SQLAlchemy (SQLite)
- **Frontend**: Vanilla JavaScript, CSS, HTML5
- **Charts**: Chart.js with Date-FNS adapter

## 📄 License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

---
*Created with ❤️ by Antigravity*

Commit message:

docs: Update README with new features including advanced dashboard filtering, smart PDF reports, daily status tracking, and PWA capabilities.

README.md, after:

# LeTempsEstCompté ⏳

A minimalist, high-vibe time management application designed for local use. Track your work sessions, manage daily goals, and visualize your productivity with beautiful metrics.

Completely vibe-coded with **Google Antigravity** in just a few hours.

> [!WARNING]
> **Disclaimer**: This is a local-first application. No security features or authentication are implemented. Do not use it for sensitive data. Use at your own risk.

## ✨ Features

### 📊 Interactive Metrics Dashboard (Homepage)
- **Dynamic Chart**: A Chart.js visualization of your working hours with support for different activity types (Work, Sick, Vacation).
- **Effective Work Visualization**: Chart bars automatically show gaps for pauses, giving you a clear view of your actual working segments.
- **Interactive Navigation**: Click any bar in the graph to jump directly to the dashboard for that specific day.
- **Flexible Views**: Toggle between Week, Month, and Year perspectives. The yearly overview is chronologically sorted for easy trend spotting.
- **Today Highlight**: A dedicated visual frame around the current day's hours.
- **Session History**: A detailed table summarizing starts, ends, total pause durations, task completion rates, and status (Work/Sick/Vacation).
- **Advanced Filtering**: Search for specific days by date, goal text, or task descriptions.

### 📝 Smart PDF Reports
- **Quick Selection**: Easily generate reports for a specific Month, the Whole Year, or All Time.
- **Intelligent Defaults**: The report system defaults to the current month for maximum efficiency.
- **Live Preview**: Period dates update spontaneously as you change the selection.
- **Dual Formats**: Generate detailed Task Reports or Time Reports (including pauses) in clean, professional PDF formats.
- **Customizable**: Set your reporter name and fine-tune date ranges manually if needed.

### 🛠️ Daily Dashboard
- **Goal Management**: Set and edit your daily objective on the fly.
- **Advanced Task Management**: Add, toggle, edit, or delete tasks.
- **Multi-Pause Tracking**: Add any number of pauses (coffee breaks, meetings, lunch) with manual time controls.
- **Status Tracking**: Log sick days or vacation days directly to maintain accurate long-term metrics.
- **Precise Time Control**: Manually override your session start and end times if you forgot to clock in/out.
- **Automatic Persistence**: All changes are saved instantly to your local database.

### 📱 Progressive Web App (PWA)
- **Mobile Friendly**: Install the app on your phone or desktop for an app-like experience.
- **Offline Aware**: Service worker integration ensures smooth loading.
- **One-Click Launch**: Includes a dedicated Windows batch launcher for easy desktop access.

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Requirements
- Python 3.8+
- Flask & Flask-SQLAlchemy

### Installation

1. **Clone the repository** (if applicable) or navigate to the project folder.
2. **Install dependencies**:
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```
3. **Run the application**:
   ```bash
   python app.py
   ```
4. **Access the App**:
   Open your browser at [http://127.0.0.1:5000](http://127.0.0.1:5000)

## 🛠️ Technical Stack
- **Backend**: Python / Flask
- **Database**: SQLAlchemy (SQLite)
- **Frontend**: Vanilla JavaScript, CSS, HTML5
- **Charts**: Chart.js with Date-FNS adapter

## 📄 License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

---
*Created with ❤️ by Antigravity*
